README.md, before:

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/weaveworks-ui-components.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/weaveworks-ui-components)
[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/weaveworks/ui-components/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/weaveworks/ui-components/tree/master)

See it in action:

http://weaveworks-ui-components.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/

## Prerequisites
* `React` & `ReactDOM` ^16.0.0
* `lodash` ^4.0.0
* `styled-components` ^2.0.0
* `moment` ^2.0.0
* `font-awesome` ^4.0.0

## Installation
`yarn add weaveworks-ui-components`

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';

import { WeaveLogo } from 'weaveworks-ui-components';

ReactDOM.render(
  <WeaveLogo />,
  document.getElementById('logo')
);
```

### Importing Styles
To import the stylesheets, you must have a webpack Sass loader configured:
```javascript
module.exports = {
  ...
  module: {
    loaders: [
      {
        test: /\.(scss|css)$/,
        loader: 'style-loader!css-loader!sass-loader'
      }
    ]
  },
  sassLoader: {
    includePaths: [
      path.resolve(__dirname, './node_modules/weaveworks-ui-components')
    ]
  }
  ...
}
```

To import styles:
```css
@import "~weaveworks-ui-components/styles.scss";
```
## Development
### Adding a component

1. Place your component in a `src/components/<component name>/` directory.
2. Add a file called `index.js` to your component directory. Add export statements, like so:
  ```javascript
  export Menu from './Menu';
  export MenuItem from './MenuItem';

  export default from './Menu';
  ```
3. Add some tests to the same directory with a `.test.js` suffix.
4. Document your module by adding comments. See the `<Button />` component for an example. The `react-docgen` library is used to parse comments, which are then rendered as markdown.
5. (Optional) Add an example implementation of your component in its directory. Call the file `example.js`. If no `example.js` file is added, the component itself (with default props) will be rendered in the component library UI.
6. Export the component from the library by adding an export statement to `src/components/index.js`. There is a unit test that will check that all components are exported; run tests using `npm test`.

To develop a component locally, start the `webpack-dev-server` using `npm start`. Any components in the `src/components` directory will auto-magically be visible in the left-hand navigation. Editing a component will hot-reload it in the page. NOTE: when adding a component file for the first time, you will need to restart the `webpack-dev-server` to see the component appear in the navigation.

### Parallel development with LocalModuleProxy
It is possible to proxy module imports to a local copy of the `weaveworks-ui-components` repository to allow for parallel development. For example, if you want to add a new component to your project, but you want to re-use the component on other projects, you can do you can add a component in the `ui-components/src/components` directory, then add the `LocalModuleProxy` resolver plugin to your webpack config:

```javascript
const webpack = require('webpack');
const LocalModuleProxy = require('weaveworks-ui-components/resolvers').LocalModuleProxy;
const COMPONENT_LIB_PATH = '/Users/myusername/path/to/ui-components';

module.exports = {
  ...
  plugins: [
    new webpack.ResolverPlugin(new LocalModuleProxy({
      moduleName: 'weaveworks-ui-components',
      path: `${COMPONENT_LIB_PATH}/src/components/index.js`
    }))
  ]
}
```

You can also proxy multiple modules by adding a lookup to the `modules` key in the `LocalModuleProxy` constructor:

```javascript
plugins: [
  new webpack.ResolverPlugin(new LocalModuleProxy({
    enabled: true,
    modules: {
      'weave-scope/reducer': `${SCOPE_COMPONENT_PATH}/client/app/scripts/reducers/root.js`,
      'weave-scope/component' : `${SCOPE_COMPONENT_PATH}/client/app/scripts/components/app.js`
    }
  }))
]
```

Webpack will resolve imports that match `moduleName` from the path supplied to the `path` key. This should work for all webpack-related functionality, including hot reload.

One weird trick to remove the `COMPONENT_LIB_PATH` variable from version control:

In your `.bash_profile` or equivalent:
```
export COMPONENT_LIB_PATH="/absolute/path/to/ui-components"
```
In your `webpack.config.js`:
```javascript
module.exports = {
  ...
  plugins: [
    new webpack.ResolverPlugin(new LocalModuleProxy({
      moduleName: 'weaveworks-ui-components',
      path: `${process.env.COMPONENT_LIB_PATH}/src/components/index.js`
    }))
  ]
}
```

#### Exclude proxied modules from preLoaders
Since the request for `weaveworks-ui-components` is no longer resolving to `node_modules`, you may need to add an additional clause to the `exclude` option in your webpack `preLoaders`:
```javascript
// Change this:
preLoaders: [
  {
    test: /\.js$/,
    exclude: /node_modules|vendor/,
    loader: 'eslint-loader'
  }
]

// To this:
preLoaders: [
  {
    test: /\.js$/,
    exclude: new RegExp(`node_modules|vendor|${process.env.COMPONENT_LIB_PATH}`),
    loader: 'eslint-loader'
  }
],
```

#### Releasing this repo
Configure your AWS CLI tools: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/installing.html.

Run `yarn publish` and enter the new version. This will build and publish the new version, as well as pushing static files to S3.

After publishing, commit the version change and push to master.

## Adding Style Guide articles
To add a page to the style guide:

1. Add a markdown file to the `/styleguide` directory of this repo
2. ???
3. Profit


## <a name="help"></a>Getting Help

If you have any questions about, feedback for or problems with `ui-components`:

- Invite yourself to the <a href="https://weaveworks.github.io/community-slack/" target="_blank"> #weave-community </a> slack channel.
- Ask a question on the <a href="https://weave-community.slack.com/messages/general/"> #weave-community</a> slack channel.
- Send an email to <a href="mailto:weave-users@weave.works">weave-users@weave.works</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/weaveworks/ui-components/issues/new">File an issue.</a>

Your feedback is always welcome!

Commit message:

build(release): move to standard-version
add husky for githooks and commitlint
husky enables githooks through code and commit lint will lint commit
messages based on the conventional-changelog specification.
This will allow us to have auto generated changelogs

Move the pushing of git tags to the `prepublish` stage, this means
that cutting a release is purely a local affair, then publishing
will push the tag into the public domain.

fixes #407

README.md, after:

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/weaveworks-ui-components.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/weaveworks-ui-components)
[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/weaveworks/ui-components/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/weaveworks/ui-components/tree/master)

See it in action:

http://weaveworks-ui-components.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/

## Prerequisites
* `React` & `ReactDOM` ^16.0.0
* `lodash` ^4.0.0
* `styled-components` ^2.0.0
* `moment` ^2.0.0
* `font-awesome` ^4.0.0

## Installation
`yarn add weaveworks-ui-components`

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';

import { WeaveLogo } from 'weaveworks-ui-components';

ReactDOM.render(
  <WeaveLogo />,
  document.getElementById('logo')
);
```

### Importing Styles
To import the stylesheets, you must have a webpack Sass loader configured:
```javascript
module.exports = {
  ...
  module: {
    loaders: [
      {
        test: /\.(scss|css)$/,
        loader: 'style-loader!css-loader!sass-loader'
      }
    ]
  },
  sassLoader: {
    includePaths: [
      path.resolve(__dirname, './node_modules/weaveworks-ui-components')
    ]
  }
  ...
}
```

To import styles:
```css
@import "~weaveworks-ui-components/styles.scss";
```
## Development
### Adding a component

1. Place your component in a `src/components/<component name>/` directory.
2. Add a file called `index.js` to your component directory. Add export statements, like so:
  ```javascript
  export Menu from './Menu';
  export MenuItem from './MenuItem';

  export default from './Menu';
  ```
3. Add some tests to the same directory with a `.test.js` suffix.
4. Document your module by adding comments. See the `<Button />` component for an example. The `react-docgen` library is used to parse comments, which are then rendered as markdown.
5. (Optional) Add an example implementation of your component in its directory. Call the file `example.js`. If no `example.js` file is added, the component itself (with default props) will be rendered in the component library UI.
6. Export the component from the library by adding an export statement to `src/components/index.js`. There is a unit test that will check that all components are exported; run tests using `npm test`.

To develop a component locally, start the `webpack-dev-server` using `npm start`. Any components in the `src/components` directory will auto-magically be visible in the left-hand navigation. Editing a component will hot-reload it in the page. NOTE: when adding a component file for the first time, you will need to restart the `webpack-dev-server` to see the component appear in the navigation.

### Parallel development with LocalModuleProxy
It is possible to proxy module imports to a local copy of the `weaveworks-ui-components` repository to allow for parallel development. For example, if you want to add a new component to your project, but you want to re-use the component on other projects, you can do you can add a component in the `ui-components/src/components` directory, then add the `LocalModuleProxy` resolver plugin to your webpack config:

```javascript
const webpack = require('webpack');
const LocalModuleProxy = require('weaveworks-ui-components/resolvers').LocalModuleProxy;
const COMPONENT_LIB_PATH = '/Users/myusername/path/to/ui-components';

module.exports = {
  ...
  plugins: [
    new webpack.ResolverPlugin(new LocalModuleProxy({
      moduleName: 'weaveworks-ui-components',
      path: `${COMPONENT_LIB_PATH}/src/components/index.js`
    }))
  ]
}
```

You can also proxy multiple modules by adding a lookup to the `modules` key in the `LocalModuleProxy` constructor:

```javascript
plugins: [
  new webpack.ResolverPlugin(new LocalModuleProxy({
    enabled: true,
    modules: {
      'weave-scope/reducer': `${SCOPE_COMPONENT_PATH}/client/app/scripts/reducers/root.js`,
      'weave-scope/component' : `${SCOPE_COMPONENT_PATH}/client/app/scripts/components/app.js`
    }
  }))
]
```

Webpack will resolve imports that match `moduleName` from the path supplied to the `path` key. This should work for all webpack-related functionality, including hot reload.

One weird trick to remove the `COMPONENT_LIB_PATH` variable from version control:

In your `.bash_profile` or equivalent:
```
export COMPONENT_LIB_PATH="/absolute/path/to/ui-components"
```
In your `webpack.config.js`:
```javascript
module.exports = {
  ...
  plugins: [
    new webpack.ResolverPlugin(new LocalModuleProxy({
      moduleName: 'weaveworks-ui-components',
      path: `${process.env.COMPONENT_LIB_PATH}/src/components/index.js`
    }))
  ]
}
```

#### Exclude proxied modules from preLoaders
Since the request for `weaveworks-ui-components` is no longer resolving to `node_modules`, you may need to add an additional clause to the `exclude` option in your webpack `preLoaders`:
```javascript
// Change this:
preLoaders: [
  {
    test: /\.js$/,
    exclude: /node_modules|vendor/,
    loader: 'eslint-loader'
  }
]

// To this:
preLoaders: [
  {
    test: /\.js$/,
    exclude: new RegExp(`node_modules|vendor|${process.env.COMPONENT_LIB_PATH}`),
    loader: 'eslint-loader'
  }
],
```

#### Releasing this repo
Configure your AWS CLI tools: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/installing.html.

Run `yarn release` to cut a new release, this will also generate and commit the CHANGELOG.md automatically.

If everything is ok, you can publish the release to github and npm with `yarn publish`, entering the new version you just created.
This will build, publish and then push static files to S3 for the docs site.

## Adding Style Guide articles
To add a page to the style guide:

1. Add a markdown file to the `/styleguide` directory of this repo
2. ???
3. Profit


## <a name="help"></a>Getting Help

If you have any questions about, feedback for or problems with `ui-components`:

- Invite yourself to the <a href="https://weaveworks.github.io/community-slack/" target="_blank"> #weave-community </a> slack channel.
- Ask a question on the <a href="https://weave-community.slack.com/messages/general/"> #weave-community</a> slack channel.
- Send an email to <a href="mailto:weave-users@weave.works">weave-users@weave.works</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/weaveworks/ui-components/issues/new">File an issue.</a>

Your feedback is always welcome!
